It's over. It's over.
Our Shen family is over
Just you broom star
You provoked Jiang Zhenghai
What do you think we should do now?
Who is Jiang Zhenghai?
He is a figure who covers the sky with one hand in Yunjo City
What did you offend him for?
Oops, our Shen's fluid accumulation for decades
You ruined it
Oh, dear.
I still don't care about a small Jiang Zhenhai
You wait.
I'm going to find Jin Chen
You helped me solve the raw material problem.
I already thank you very much.
But Jiang Zhenhai is ruthless
You'd better leave this alone
Pipe must be managed
Even if he dies, we have to settle our business
Don't worry, just wait for me at home.
Don't be afraid, little sister
Serve my brother tonight
Brother will give you a big order tomorrow.
Can't take it anymore
Yesterday, the customer said that you were very uncooperative.
Are you fucking impatient?
new here
Send me to the office
Oh, shit.
different days
Forced into prostitution
Is there any king's law?